feat: support TS syntax in `max-params` (#19557)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/rules/max-params.md

Reviewer: Can you revert unrelated formatting changes?

Author: Yes, i think it got auto formatted with prettier

Author: Done.

Reviewer: Can you also add the new option to the list of options:

https://github.com/eslint/eslint/blob/556c25bbadd640ba9465ca6ec152f10959591666/docs/src/rules/max-params.md?plain=1#L27-L33

Author: Done.

```

:::

### countVoidThis (TypeScript only)

This rule has a TypeScript-specific option `countVoidThis` that allows you to count a `this` declaration when the type is `void`.

Examples of **incorrect** TypeScript code for this rule with the `{ "countVoidThis": true }` option:

:::incorrect

```ts
/*eslint max-params: ["error", { "max": 2, "countVoidThis": true }]*/

function hasNoThis(this: void, first: string, second: string) {
	// ...
}
```

```ts
/*eslint max-params: ["error", { "max": 2, "countVoidThis": false }]*/

function hasNoThis(this: void, first: string, second: string, third: string) {
	// ...
}
```

> :::

Reviewer: Looks like these examples should be rearranged as the second one is with `"countVoidThis": false` but is under examples for `"countVoidThis": true `. Also, each code block should have its own `:::correct`/`:::incorrect`.

Examples of **correct** TypeScript code for this rule with the `{ "countVoidThis": true }` option:

:::correct

```ts
/*eslint max-params: ["error", { "max": 2, "countVoidThis": false }]*/

function hasNoThis(this: void, first: string, second: string) {
	// ...
}
```

```ts
/*eslint max-params: ["error", { "max": 2, "countVoidThis": true }]*/

function hasThis(this: void, first: string) {
	// ...
}
```

> :::

Reviewer: Same as the previous comment.

```

:::

### countVoidThis (TypeScript only)

This rule has a TypeScript-specific option `countVoidThis` that allows you to count a `this` declaration when the type is `void`.

> Examples of **incorrect** TypeScript code for this rule with the `{ "countVoidThis": true }` option:
> 
> :::incorrect
> 
> ```ts
> /*eslint max-params: ["error", { "max": 2, "countVoidThis": true }]*/
> 
> function hasNoThis(this: void, first: string, second: string) {
> 	// ...
> }
> ```
> 
> :::
> 
> :::incorrect
> 
> ```ts
> /*eslint max-params: ["error", { "max": 2, "countVoidThis": false }]*/
> 
> function hasNoThis(this: void, first: string, second: string, third: string) {
> 	// ...
> }
> ```
> 
> :::
> 
> Examples of **correct** TypeScript code for this rule with the `{ "countVoidThis": true }` option:
> 
> :::correct
> 
> ```ts
> /*eslint max-params: ["error", { "max": 2, "countVoidThis": false }]*/
> 
> function hasNoThis(this: void, first: string, second: string) {
> 	// ...
> }
> ```
> 
> :::
> 
> :::correct
> 
> ```ts
> /*eslint max-params: ["error", { "max": 2, "countVoidThis": true }]*/
> 
> function hasThis(this: void, first: string) {
> 	// ...
> }
> ```
> 
> :::

Reviewer: I think this still needs to be rearranged as there are examples with `"countVoidThis": false` under examples "with the `{ "countVoidThis": true }` option". Maybe like this:

````suggestion
Examples of **correct** TypeScript code for this rule with the default `{ "countVoidThis": false }` option:

:::correct

```ts
/*eslint max-params: ["error", { "max": 2, "countVoidThis": false }]*/

function hasNoThis(this: void, first: string, second: string) {
	// ...
}
```

:::

Examples of **incorrect** TypeScript code for this rule with the default `{ "countVoidThis": false }` option:

:::incorrect

```ts
/*eslint max-params: ["error", { "max": 2, "countVoidThis": false }]*/

function hasNoThis(this: void, first: string, second: string, third: string) {
	// ...
}
```

:::

Examples of **correct** TypeScript code for this rule with the `{ "countVoidThis": true }` option:

:::correct

```ts
/*eslint max-params: ["error", { "max": 2, "countVoidThis": true }]*/

function hasNoThis(this: void, first: string) {
	// ...
}
```

:::

Examples of **incorrect** TypeScript code for this rule with the `{ "countVoidThis": true }` option:

:::incorrect

```ts
/*eslint max-params: ["error", { "max": 2, "countVoidThis": true }]*/

function hasNoThis(this: void, first: string, second: string) {
	// ...
}
```

:::
````

Author: Ah! Missed it.
